warning: in the working copy of 'app/components/FooterPlayer.module.css', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'app/components/Layout.js', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/0-9/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/0-9/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/6.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/7.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/8.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/A/9.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/10.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/6.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/7.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/8.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/B/9.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/6.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/7.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/C/8.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/6.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/D/7.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/E/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/E/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/E/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/E/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/F/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/F/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/F/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/F/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/G/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/G/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/G/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/G/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/H/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/H/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/H/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/I/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/I/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/6.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/J/7.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/K/1.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/K/2.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/K/3.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/K/4.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of 'data/data/artistlist/K/5.json', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: 